
1.what is open sourcetool?
open source tools are softwate tools that are freely available without a commercial licence.
2.what is paid tools?
paid tools are those which needs to apy
3.what is anaconda and why we use it?
anaconda is an open source distribution of the python and R programming languagesfor data science that aims to simplify package management and deployment
4.what is different between version in python?
python 2 was to make programming simple and easy to learn for the common mass
Python 3 is backward incompatible and aims at eliminating the problems which new programmers face while learning a programming language.
5.what is different between .exe file and .setup file?
EXE setups have different parameters based on the tool that was used to create the installer.
6.what is difference between anaconda navigator and anaconda prompt?
anacondaNavigator:navigator is a desktop graphical user interface that allows you to launch applications and easily manage conda packages, environments, and channels without using command-line commands.
anacondaprompt:Anaconda software helps you create an environment for many different versions of Python and package versions. Anaconda is also used to install, remove, and upgrade packages in your project environments.
7.what is difference between jupyter and spydertool?
jupyter:jupyter is an interactive python notebook where you can run code,visualize data and include text all in one document.
spyder:Spyder is an IDE specifically for scientific programming in Python. 
8.what is difference between development testing and deployment?
developer: A developer codes and creates an application based on the requirements 
tester:A tester checks the conformance of the application that was developed to the baselined requirements
deployment:Deployment is the mechanism through which applications, modules, updates, and patches are delivered from developers to users.
9.why we use jupyter terminal?
Jupyter Notebook allows users to compile all aspects of a data project in one place making it easier to show the entire process of a project to your intended audience.
10.what is files,running and cluster in jupyter?
 files:You can create content with Jupyter notebooks. For example, the content for the current page is contained in this notebook file .
	